README.md, before:

Ratscript
=====================

**Ratscript** is designed to be a multi-paradigm runtime
interpreted language with a simple syntax and a high-performance
standard library. Ratscript 2.0 "Norvegicus" is currently in
development. See the [official project page][1].

Some of the planned features of Ratscript are:

 - Simple, obvious syntax.
 - User-friendly error codes.
 - A high-efficiency memory management system built from scratch.
 - Full built-in Unicode support.
 - Offers functional, OOP, and generic programming paradigms.
 - Introduces brand new "synaptic programming" paradigm.
 - First programming language to offer ternary (tri-bit) atomic datatype.
 - Can be connected to other projects' APIs.

Authors
-------------
 - Jason C. McDonald
 - Michael Parkman

Building
-------------
(To be filled in later.)

Dependencies
-------------
(To be filled in later.)

Contributions
-------------
We do not accept pull requests through GitHub.
If you would like to contribute code, please read our
[Contribution Guide][2].

All contributions are licensed to us under the
[MousePaw Games Terms of Development][3].

License
-------------
Ratscript is licenced under the GNU General Public Licence 3.0. (See LICENCE.md)

The project is owned and maintained by [MousePaw Games][1].

[1]: http://www.mousepawgames.com/ratscript
[2]: http://www.mousepawgames.com/opensource
[3]: http://www.mousepawgames.com/opensource#contribute
[4]: http://www.mousepawgames.com/termsofdevelopment

Commit message:

Rearranged project and rewrote build system.

README.md, after:

# Ratscript

**Ratscript** is designed to be a multi-paradigm runtime
interpreted language with a simple syntax and a high-performance
standard library. Ratscript 2.0 "Norvegicus" is currently in
development. See the [official project page][1].

## Authors
 - Jason C. McDonald
 - Michael Parkman
 - Nate Groggett

## Dependencies
- CPGF: Available from libdeps ([GitHub][8])
- PawLIB: Available from [GitHub][7].
- SIMPLEXpress: Available from [GitHub][6]

## Building
If you have the full source repository, see BUILDING.md for information
on how to build Ratscript.

The Ready-To-Use version of Ratscript only contains the compiled binary.
You can find the full source repository on [GitHub][5].

## Contributions
We do not accept pull requests through GitHub.
If you would like to contribute code, please read our
[Contribution Guide][2].

All contributions are licensed to us under the
[MousePaw Media Terms of Development][3].

## License
Ratscript is licensed under the BSD-3 License. (See LICENSE.md)

The project is owned and maintained by [MousePaw Media][2].

[1]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/ratscript
[2]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/
[3]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/developers/contributing
[4]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/termsofdevelopment
[5]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/ratscript
[6]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/simplexpress
[7]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/pawlib
[8]: https://github.com/mousepawmedia/libdeps
